What's wrong with me scolding you?
If you say anything rude again
Really haha
Okay, okay, okay, boy, you want to die, right?
Shut up, Doctor
This is my cousin, he has such a temper
It doesn't matter if I was bitten by a dog.
Can I bite the dog back again?
Your brother doesn't know the sky is high and earth wild
How dare you break our house?
Do you want to die?
Who are you calling a wild species?
What do you mean?
Say it again if you have the ability.
I said it twice
Wild species, wild species? Hahaha, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Talk about it, I'll call the police
The police saw our writer hit me
No no no
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Give me a face
Then I'll give Miss Duan a face
Report your dog, come on, come on
Beat this brat to death